feat: publish to ODR TDE-801 (#282)
linz/imagery: README.md

# New Zealand Imagery

Toitū Te Whenua makes New Zealand's most up-to-date publicly owned aerial imagery freely available to use under an open licence. You can access this through the [LINZ Data Service](https://data.linz.govt.nz/data/category/aerial-photos/?s=n), [LINZ Basemaps](https://basemaps.linz.govt.nz/#@-41.8899962,174.0492437,z5) or the [Registry of Open Data on AWS](https://registry.opendata.aws/nz-imagery/).

This repository contains STAC Collection metadata for each imagery dataset, as well as some guidance documentation:

- [Naming](docs/naming.md) covers the s3://nz-imagery bucket naming structure
- [Tools](docs/tools.md) covers some of the STAC ecosystem tools that can be used to interact with our STAC Catalog
- [Usage](docs/usage.md) shows how TIFFs can be interacted with from S3 using GDAL, QGIS, etc

## AWS Access

> Toitū Te Whenua provides a public bucket hosted by the [Registry of Open Data on AWS](https://registry.opendata.aws/nz-imagery/) `s3://nz-imagery` in `ap-southeast-2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toitū Te Whenua owns and maintains a public bucket which is sponsored and shared via the [Registry of Open Data on AWS](https://registry.opendata.aws/nz-imagery/) `s3://nz-imagery` in `ap-southeast-2`.
```

> Using the [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) anyone can access all of the imagery mentioned inside of this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) anyone can access all of the imagery specified in this repository.
```
